Department talk
Today at 3:30 pm
Room 309 Science &Eng. Building
 
                 Model-based Security Engineering
 
                          Dr. Jan Jurjens
 
The current state of the art in security-critical software is far from
satisfactory: New security vulnerabilities are discovered on an almost
daily basis. To improve this situation, we have developed techniques and
tools that perform an automated analysis of software artifacts for
security requirements (such as secrecy, integrity, and
authenticity). These artefacts include specifications in the Unified
Modeling Language (UML), annotated source code, and run-time data such
as security permissions. The security analysis techniques make use of
model-checkers and automated theorem provers for first-order logic. We
give examples for security flaws found in industrial software using
our tools.
 
 
Jan Jurjens is a Senior Lecturer (comp. US Assoc. Prof.) at The Open
University (the British distance university in Milton Keynes near
London), having previously lead the Competence Center for
IT-Security, Software & Systems Engineering, TU Munich (Germany).
Doctor of Philosophy in Computing from the University of Oxford and
author of "Secure Systems Development with UML" (Springer, 2004), "IT
Security" (Springer 2007), and various publications on computer
security and safety and software engineering. Founding chair of the
working group on Formal Methods and Software Engineering for Safety
and Security within the German Society for Informatics (GI) and member
of the executive board of the Division of Safety and Security within
the GI, the executive board of the committee on Modeling of the GI,
the advisory board of the Bavarian Competence Center for Safety and
Security, the working group on e-Security of the Bavarian regional
government, and the IFIP Working Group 1.7 "Theoretical Foundations of
Security Analysis and Design". 
